restore: update the definition of the parameter --load-stats and the usage of pitr id map (#21078)
pingcap/docs: br/br-checkpoint-restore.md

When entering the log restore phase during the initial restore, `br` creates a `restore-{downstream-cluster-ID}/log` path in the target cluster. This path records checkpoint data, the upstream cluster ID, and the restore time range (`start-ts` and `restored-ts`). If restore fails during this phase, you need to specify the same `start-ts` and `restored-ts` as recorded in the checkpoint database when retrying. Otherwise, `br` will report an error and prompt that the current specified restore time range or upstream cluster ID is different from the checkpoint record. If the restore cluster has been cleaned, you can manually clean up the checkpoint data in the external storage or specify another external storage path to store checkpoint data, and retry with a different backup.

> Note that before entering the log restore phase during the initial restore, `br` constructs a mapping of the database and table IDs in the upstream and downstream clusters at the `restored-ts` time point. This mapping is persisted in the checkpoint storage with the file name `pitr_id_maps/pitr_id_map.cluster_id:{downstream-cluster-ID}.restored_ts:{restored-ts}` to prevent duplicate allocation of database and table IDs. **Deleting files from the directory `pitr_id_maps` arbitrarily might lead to inconsistent PITR restore data.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that before entering the log restore phase during the initial restore, `br` constructs a mapping of upstream and downstream cluster database and table IDs at the `restored-ts` time point. This mapping is persisted in the system table `mysql.tidb_pitr_id_map` to prevent duplicate allocation of database and table IDs. **Deleting data from `mysql.tidb_pitr_id_map` arbitrarily might lead to inconsistent PITR restore data.**

> **Note:**
>
> To ensure compatibility with clusters of earlier versions, starting from v9.0.0, if the system table `mysql.tidb_pitr_id_map` does not exist in the restore cluster, the `pitr_id_map` data will be written to the log backup directory. The file name is `pitr_id_maps/pitr_id_map.cluster_id:{downstream-cluster-ID}.restored_ts:{restored-ts}`.
```
